# Array Methods #

1. Returns a new array populated with the given objects.
      * `new(size=0, obj=nil)`: if no arguments are sent, the new array will be empty. When a size and an optional obj are sent, an array is created with size copies of obj. All elements will reference the same object obj.
      * `new(array)`: creates a copy of the array passed as a parameter (the array is generated by calling `#to_ary` on the parameter).
      * `new(size) {|index| block }`: an array of the given size is created. Each element in this array is created by passing the element's index to the given block and storing the return value.

1. `assoc(obj) → new_ary or nil (#assoc)`: searches through an array whose elements are also arrays comparing obj with the first element of each contained array using `obj.==.` Returns the first contained array that matches (that is, the first associated array), or nil if no match is found.

1. `at(index) → obj or nil (#at)`: returns the element at index. A negative index counts from the end of self. Returns nil if the index is out of range.

1. `bsearch {|x| block } → elem` (#bsearch): by using binary search, finds a value from this array which meets the given condition in O(log n) where n is the size of the array. You can use this method in two use cases: a find-minimum mode and a find-any mode. In either case, the elements of the array must be monotone (or sorted) with respect to the block.

1. `clear → ary (#clear)`: removes all elements from self.

1. `collect { |item| block } → new_ary` OR `collect → Enumerator (#collect)`: invokes the given block once for each element of self. Creates a new array containing the values returned by the block. If no block is given, an Enumerator is returned instead.

1. `collect! {|item| block } → ary` OR `collect! → Enumerator (#collect!)`: invokes the given block once for each element of self, replacing the element with the value returned by the block. If no block is given, an Enumerator is returned instead.

1. `combination(n) { |c| block } → ary` OR `combination(n) → Enumerator (#combination)`: when invoked with a block, yields all combinations of length n of elements from the array and then returns the array itself. The implementation makes no guarantees about the order in which the combinations are yielded. If no block is given, an Enumerator is returned instead.

1. `compact → new_ary (#compact)`: returns a copy of self with all nil elements removed.

1. `compact! → ary or nil (#compact!)`: removes nil elements from the array. Returns nil if no changes were made, otherwise returns the array.

1. `concat(other_ary) → ary (#concat)`: appends the elements of other_ary to self.

1. `count → int (#count)`: returns the number of elements.

1. `count(obj) → int (#count)`: if an argument is given, counts the number of elements which equal obj using ==.

1. `count { |item| block } → int (#count)`: if a block is given, counts the number of elements for which the block returns a true value.

1. `cycle(n=nil) { |obj| block } → nil (#cycle)`: calls the given block for each element n times or forever if nil is given. Does nothing if a non-positive number is given or the array is empty. Returns nil if the loop has finished without getting interrupted.

1. `cycle(n=nil) → Enumerator (#cycle)`: if no block is given, an Enumerator is returned instead.

1. `delete(obj) → item or nil`: deletes all items from self that are equal to obj. Returns the last deleted item, or nil if no matching item is found.

1. `delete(obj) { block } → item or result of block`: if the optional code block is given, the result of the block is returned if the item is not found. (To remove nil elements and get an informative return value, use `#compact!`)

1. `delete_at(index) → obj or nil`: deletes the element at the specified index, returning that element, or nil if the index is out of range. See also `#slice!`

1. `delete_if { |item| block } → ary`: Deletes every element of self for which block evaluates to true. The array is changed instantly every time the block is called, not after the iteration is over. See also `#reject!`

1. `delete_if → Enumerator`: if no block is given, an Enumerator is returned instead.

1. `drop(n) → new_ary`: drops first n elements from ary and returns the rest of the elements in an array. If a negative number is given, raises an Argument Error. See also `#take`

1. `drop_while { |arr| block } → new_ary`: drops elements up to, but not including, the first element for which the block returns nil or false and returns an array containing the remaining elements. See also `#take_while`

1. `drop_while → Enumerator`: if no block is given, an Enumerator is returned instead.

1. #each: will iterate through each element.

1. `each { |item| block } → ary`: calls the given block once for each element in self, passing that element as a parameter.

1. `each → Enumerator`: an Enumerator is returned if no block is given.

1. `each_index { |index| block } → ary`: Same as #each, but passes the index of the element instead of the element itself.

1. `each_index → Enumerator`: an Enumerator is returned if no block is given.

1. `empty? → true or false`: returns true if self contains no elements.

1. `eql?(other) → true or false`: returns true if self and other are the same object, or are both arrays with the same content (according to `Object#eql?`).

1. `first → obj or nil` OR `first(n) → new_ary`: returns the first element, or the first n elements, of the array. If the array is empty, the first form returns nil, and the second form returns an empty array. See also `#last` for the opposite effect.

1. #include?: will ask an array if an element is present.

1. #index: will locate the address of a specific element.

1. #join: will join the elements into one string.

1. #sort: will rearrange the order of the elements and return a new array. If the elements are strings, it will return in alphabetical order. If the elements are numbers, it will return in ascending value order.
